docs: add Edge Native to skip worker node update (#10640)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/node-pool.md

> | **Skip worker node update (Optional)** | Enable this option to skip updating worker nodes during a cluster upgrade. The version difference between the control plane and worker nodes must not exceed the [N-3 minor version skew supported by Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/). Palette enforces this during cluster profile updates and blocks you from updating if you attempt to exceed the N-3 threshold. <br /><br /> This is useful for production workloads that require high availability or for nodes running critical applications that cannot tolerate downtime. For example, if you have a worker pool dedicated to running database instances or real-time processing services, enable this option to maintain service continuity while still allowing the control plane to receive security patches and feature updates. You can then schedule [worker node updates](../cluster-management/cluster-updates.md#trigger-worker-node-upgrade) during planned maintenance windows. <br /><br /> For full details on supported cluster types, behavior during profile updates, and how to trigger the deferred worker upgrade, refer to [Skip Worker Node Update](#skip-worker-node-update).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Skip worker node update (Optional)** | Enable this option to skip updating worker nodes during a cluster upgrade and update the control plane only. The Kubernetes version difference between the control plane and worker nodes must not exceed the [N-3 minor version skew supported by Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/). <br /><br /> For more information, including supported cluster types, behavior during profile updates, and how to trigger the deferred worker upgrade, refer to [Skip Worker Node Update](#skip-worker-node-update).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

I agree with your comment about keeping the section and trimming the table :) Here is the suggested revision.

:::

## Skip Worker Node Update

The **Skip worker node update (Optional)** toggle lets you upgrade the control plane of a cluster to a newer Kubernetes

> version while deferring the upgrade of one or more worker pools. This is supported on the following cluster types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version while deferring the upgrade of one or more worker pools. This is useful for scenarios where you want to apply a security patch or initiate an LTS upgrade without affecting or repaving worker nodes. You can then schedule the worker pool upgrade for a time that is convenient for you, such as during a scheduled maintenance window. 

Skipping worker node updates is supported for the following cluster types:
```

- AWS IaaS clusters
- MAAS clusters
- VMware vSphere clusters

> - Connected Edge Native clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connected (centrally managed) Edge Native clusters
```

:::info

Locally managed Edge clusters are not supported.

:::

### When to Use

Enable this toggle when you want to advance the control plane (for example, to apply a security patch or LTS upgrade)
without immediately repaving edge worker nodes. You can then schedule the worker pool upgrade during a planned

> maintenance window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The "when to use" suggestion is very similar to the intro. Putting the "why" at the beginning helps customers identify quickly the value of the option.  

I suggest combining the two sections, such as here: https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/pull/10640/changes#r3395077763

I also suggest removing that local Edge clusters are not supported. That should be assumed by stating which cluster types we do support. (We also do not have a list of all other unsupported types, so calling out local edge specifically is odd.)

> ### Behavior During Cluster Profile Updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Cluster Profile Upgrade Behavior
```

Making the title parallel with `Autoscaler Behavior` below.

When a cluster profile update bumps the Kubernetes version, Palette upgrades the control plane and any worker pools that

> do not have **Skip worker node update** enabled. Worker pools with the toggle enabled are skipped and stay at their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not have **Skip worker node update** enabled. Worker pools with the option enabled are skipped and stay at their
```

current Kubernetes version.

:::info

Palette enforces the Kubernetes [N-3 minor version skew](https://kubernetes.io/releases/version-skew-policy/). If
enabling **Skip worker node update** on a pool would cause it to fall more than three minor versions behind the control

> plane, Palette blocks the operation with a validation error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plane, Palette blocks the update.
```

:::

### Autoscaler Behavior

New nodes added by the cluster autoscaler to a skipped worker pool run the pool's current Kubernetes version, not the
control plane version.

### Upgrade a Skipped Worker Pool

> To align a skipped worker pool with the control plane, disable the **Skip worker node update** toggle on that pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sync the Kubernetes version of a skipped worker pool with the current Kubernetes control plane version, disable the **Skip worker node update** toggle on that pool.
```

> Disabling the toggle triggers a repave of the worker pool to match the control plane's Kubernetes version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We say the same thing twice. I suggest removing this one and keeping the admonition to make the danger clear.

:::

> ## Skip Worker Node Update

Reviewer: I don't know how much of this section (if any) is necessary? It doesn't really add anything that the table doesn't already cover.

Author: There's definitely some overlap, but looking at it again, I'm considering trimming the table row content down to just 1-2 sentences, finishing with a link to the `## Skip Worker Node Update` section.

Reasons I'd like to keep the `## Skip Worker Node Update` section:
- It gets linked to from `upgrade-behavior.md` and `cluster-updates.md`
- Table cells can't hold admonitions, so this is a good place for the repave danger warning and N-3 enforcement note 
- Easier to communicate concepts here such supported cluster types and autoscaler behavior
- Easier to add info in the future rather than cramming it into a table row

Reviewer: I agree with your idea :) I left a suggestion in https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/pull/10640/changes#r3394983583 to accomodate.
